Good morning, Jacob. It's Tuesday, April seventh, twenty twenty-six. It's
eighty-three degrees in Jefferson City again — warm and sunny,
southwest winds five to nine miles per hour. Over in
Tacoma, Katelyn's got a cooler day — fifty-nine, cloudy early,
clearing up in the afternoon. Today is one of those
days where local and global collide in a way that
feels almost absurd. You're voting on a half-cent sales tax
for road maintenance in Cole County while the president threatens
to destroy every bridge and power plant in Iran by
midnight. "Infrastructure Day," he's calling it. Let's start with the
big picture. Trump's deadline hits tonight at eight P-M Eastern,
seven P-M your time. Axios A-M's Mike Allen, drawing on
six officials with direct knowledge, paints a picture of a
president who is personally the most hawkish figure in his
own administration. One official called him "the most bloodthirsty, like
a mad dog," saying Hegseth and Rubio "sound like the
doves compared to the president." Trump has been asking advisers:
"What do you think of Infrastructure Day?" — framing the
destruction of Iranian civilian infrastructure as a branded event. Both
the U-S and Iran rejected a ten-point ceasefire plan brokered
by Pakistan. Iran wants a permanent end to the war,
not a temporary pause. The U-S called it "not good
enough" but "a significant step." Mediators are redrafting. This is
the fourth time Trump has set and delayed a deadline
— March twenty-first, March twenty-third, April sixth, and now tonight.
The Atlantic's David Graham has the sharpest analysis: "When Trump
feels cornered, he lashes out most fiercely." And right now,
with military options narrowing and the Hormuz chokepoint giving Iran
leverage that bombing won't remove, Trump is very much cornered.
Meanwhile, J-D Vance is in Budapest trying to save Viktor
Orbán, who's trailing in polls ahead of Sunday's election. The
irony of an American vice president flying to Europe to
prop up an authoritarian ally while the president threatens to
bomb civilian infrastructure overseas is... something. On to Artemis Two.
The flyby is complete. The crew reached two hundred fifty-two
thousand, seven hundred fifty-six miles from Earth — four thousand,
one hundred eleven miles beyond Apollo thirteen's record. They're heading
home now. Splashdown is Friday, April tenth, off San Diego.
The highlight was the crater naming ceremony. Commander Reid Wiseman
proposed two names: "Integrity," after their spacecraft, and "Carroll," after
his wife, who died of cancer in twenty-twenty at forty-six.
The crew embraced each other in lunar orbit. They also
witnessed a solar eclipse nearly an hour long from the
far side of the Moon. Victor Glover on the broadcast:
"Earthshine is very distinct, and it creates quite an impressive
visual illusion." Now for the A-I news, which is extraordinary
today. Anthropic's revenue has tripled to a thirty billion dollar
run rate, up from nine billion at the end of
twenty twenty-five. Bloomberg reports over a thousand business customers spending
a million dollars or more annually. They've also sealed a
massive compute deal — three and a half gigawatts of
Google T-P-U capacity through Broadcom, coming online in twenty twenty-seven.
An October I-P-O at roughly three hundred eighty billion dollar
valuation is under evaluation. This is Anthropic becoming, arguably, the
highest-revenue A-I company on Earth. But the biggest A-I story
might be the New Yorker. Ronan Farrow and Andrew Marantz
published an eighteen-month investigation titled "Can Sam Altman Be Trusted?"
It's devastating. They found Altman lobbied against the same regulations
he publicly advocated for, pursued billions from Gulf autocracies, and
tried to hide a post-firing investigation that produced no written
report. Former chief scientist Ilya Sutskever's memos list "lying" as
the first item under "Sam exhibits a consistent pattern of."
Dario Amodei wrote in private notes: "The problem with OpenAI
is Sam himself." This got thirty-one thousand upvotes on Reddit.
Meanwhile, on Good Friday, Open-A-I dumped three major leadership departures:
C-O-O Brad Lightcap to "special projects," C-M-O Kate Rouch stepping
down for breast cancer recovery, and C-E-O of A-G-I Development
Fidji Simo on medical leave for a neuroimmune condition. The
organizational dysfunction narrative at Open-A-I is becoming hard to ignore.
Boris Charny, creator of Claude Code, acknowledged on Hacker News
that task performance degradation since February was real — not
just user settings. He identified "a flaw in the adaptive
thinking feature." A-M-D's A-I director separately called Claude Code "dumber
and lazier since the last update." In Apple news, the
iPhone Fold has entered trial production — this is real.
Samsung display panels, book-fold design, aimed at twenty twenty-six launch.
Mac Mini and Mac Studio are facing extreme shipping delays
due to a severe RAM shortage. And N-A-S-A shared photos
shot on iPhone seventeen Pro Max during Artemis Two —
literally from lunar orbit. You can't buy that kind of
product placement. Locally, today is Proposition A. The half-cent capital
improvement sales tax has been in place since the nineteen
eighties. This is a ten-year renewal for roads, bridges, and
county facility maintenance. Polls close at seven P-M. Go vote.
There was a false active shooter alert at Lincoln University
last night — text went out, all clear within thirty
minutes. Scary but resolved. U-S fifty bridge ramps remain closed
through April twelfth. A few quick hits. Michigan won the
N-C-double-A men's basketball championship last night, sixty-nine to sixty-three over
U-Conn. First title since nineteen eighty-nine. The Haberman and Swan
book is announced — "Regime Change: Inside the Imperial Presidency
of Donald Trump." June twenty-third. Gold cover. About a thousand
interviews. And your Rocket Mortgage statement is ready for review.
One personal note: Katelyn texted last night about your July
visit. "Maybe July? We could do a little bit on
the island and a little in Victoria?" She's thinking about
trip logistics — whale watching as a "risk and expensive
option," camping weather concerns. Worth responding to when you get
a chance. Ben sent you a late-night Reddit link from
the Presidents subreddit. Classic Ben. That's your Tuesday. On one
screen, you're walking into a Cole County polling place to
vote on road maintenance. On the other, the president is
branding the destruction of a nation's civilian infrastructure like a
product launch. In between, four astronauts are coasting home from
the moon, having named a crater after a dead woman
they loved. The Anthropic revenue number is staggering, and the
New Yorker's Altman investigation is the kind of reporting that
changes narratives permanently. Go vote. Watch the deadline. Tell Katelyn
about the island. Your briefing, delivered.